what is the impact that you want to have
on the world I want to teach people how
to discover the power that's inside of
them to live fully in the open and share
themselves who they are who they're not
like there's so much fear that we live
with I want to teach people how to live
with more courage because courage is
nothing more than the ability to do
things that are uncertain in today's
world where you have the Internet
you can literally learn launch do
anything anything the only thing that's
truly stopping you are the limiting
patterns that you think the the
self-doubt the fear the habits that you
have and you can break them you can
break them five seconds at a time every
human being has to remember right so
within your existence if you are not
looking out for the next person then all
you are is just a body right so if
you're not looking out for your next
person uses the body because before we
even was in existence there were those
that sacrifice they self so that we can
be here talking we are all great no
matter if if you think you're dumb they
think you're fat no matter you are fat
no man have you been bullied or no
matter if you just got back from Iraq or
Afghanistan and you have no legs or your
arms or whatever man we all have
greatness it's just you got to find the
courage you got to find the courage to
put your Bose headphones on and silence
the noise out of this world and to find
it in the final cut is out there but
it's going to take hard work courage
self-discipline it's going to take all
the non-cognitive skills there are all
the non-cognitive skills to be great
it's the non-cognitive skills that sets
you apart
everybody else you never get better if
you're not willing to put in the time
and basketball is very similar to the
game of life there's gonna be ups and
downs sometimes you may turn the bowl
over seven times in a row but if you put
in the work and you constantly play in
the work you can't allow that one
mistake to go into the next play the
impact that I want to have on the world
right now would be creating a benevolent
army of super learners who test the
Impossibles and teach other people to do
the same that's it so whether it's a
hundred thousand a million people who
have mastered metal earning acquiring
skills who are also willing to test the
Impossibles test the assumptions and
have the uncomfortable conversations
that I think this country is largely
dodging taking what I've been able to
build for myself establishing a brand
and identity for myself enabling you
know kids that that look up to me to
understand what it takes to get to get
to that next level again it's so crazy
that we're in a world where everything
is at your fingertips in terms of
technology so there really shouldn't be
any excuse as to why you fail because
everything is accessible the impact I
want to have on the world is to help
take a human education systems from what
we learn as adults to what colleges
teach and later we're gonna go down to
k12 k12 and early infinite learning and
upgrade these to teach the skills that
truly create happy wonderful kind
generous people who are able to live
beautiful fulfilled lives create
humanity plus companies and elevate the
human race as a world centric species
it's not having this massive global
impact it's the small little connections
that I make to people through all this
to the girls running those obstacle
races that are 10 11 out
that I can have those impacts on those
little those little impacts on people's
lives then I think that adds up to the
big one I really really want to help the
high potential young people in this
country and in the world who because
they were not born in the right places
with the right connections to go to the
right colleges to open the right doors
don't get the same opportunities and if
there's one thing I know about my own
story is like I don't have an MBA I
didn't go to an Ivy League college but
somehow I had the right mentors and
parenting to give me the grit to get
around the system and so if I can help
other people see that find that in
themselves then to me that would be
amazing if I can inspire every single
person who is watching this episode to
find their own moonshot so if you're
watching the - find what is it that you
will do imagine I am the person who grew
up poor with nothing I came to this
country with nothing if I can dream so
big and to be able to land on the moon
what would you do
what's up impactive Asst if you've ever
failed your New Year's resolutions we've
created a free guide just for you
the resolution reality checklist it
teaches you how to write smarter
resolutions so you will actually crush
this year you can download it today at
info impact Theory comm forward slash
resolutions